Added RT examples, concepts, milestone release (#114)
trolie/spec: docs/community-events/20240701-RealTime-API-stable.md

* Obtaining Real-Time Ratings Proposal Status
* Obtaining Real-Time Limits Snapshots, including:
  - "Slim" snapshots that provide just the determined limits
  - Detailed snapshots that provide all of the inputs used by the Clearinghouse
    Provider to determine the limits, including all proposals and overrides.

## Improved and Expanded Documentation

We continue to improve the documentation at [trolie.energy](/). In preparation
for this release, we have:

* Continued additions to the [TROLIE Concepts](../concepts) exposition
* Added example guides for real-time API usage [Querying in-use Real-Time Limits](/example-narratives/in-use-realtime-limits) and [Real-Time Rating Submittal](/example-narratives/submitting-realtime-ratings)

## Looking Ahead

[Future
milestones](https://github.com/trolie/spec/milestones) will include handling
temporary AAR exceptions, seasonal ratings, and defining the [peering
profile](https://github.com/trolie/spec/issues/65#issuecomment-1994413248) which
will specify how TROLIE implementations will integrate using only some
simple configuration.

The specification will be updated accordingly **without** a version change until

> the next milestone is completed, remaining at `1.0.0-wip-realtime-stable` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the next milestone is completed, remaining at `1.0.0-wip-rt-forecast-stable` 
```
This version label might get pretty long as we add milestones, but I think explicit is better. Either way, let's update the `version` in `openapi-split.yaml`, too.

Author: I forgot it was in there.  Done.

Reviewer: I believe that the change to `openapi-split.yaml` also confirms your intent to stick with `1.0.0-wip-realtime-stable`. If so, go ahead and resolve this convo.
